add version upgrade (#426)
Azure/azure-cli-dev-tools: HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============
0.1.62
++++++

> * `azdev extension cal-next-version`: Add some examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `azdev extension cal-next-version`: New command to calculate valid version for next extension module release..
```
